{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Exposure Dead Time
\b0 	\
Micro channel plates are subject to a global exposure \'93dead time\'94 effect caused by the inability of the detector to process more than one event at a time. The effect therefore scales as a function of total global detector count rates: as count rates go up, the fraction of exposure lost to dead time likewise increases. The effect is linear as a function of global count rate up to approximately [rates in NUV and FUV]. Other MCP instruments have used this global count rate relationship as a means to estimate the dead time correction factor. The GALEX detectors, however, were equipped with four built-in electrical pulsers (\'93stims\'94) located off the main detection windown and producing a known rate of events (between all four) of 79 counts per second. The mission pipeline extracted these stim events as a direct proxy for the exposure dead time effect. That is, the ratio of the measured stim count rate to the canonical stim count rate is equivalent to the ratio of the effective exposure time to the commanded exposure time. However, one must also consider the contribution of counting statistics in this estimate. The shortest standard GALEX integrations on single targets were the ~100 second observations in the AIS survey. Assuming 
\i zero
\i0  dead time, the 1 sigma error in the stim rate due simply to Gaussian counting statistics would be around 0.9 cps or ~1%. This level of error is negligible as compared to other sources, and, indeed, was not even propagated by the mission pipeline. For shorter integrations, however, like those intended to be produced by gPhoton, the errors in the exposure time produced by estimating dead time from stims become quite meaningful. For a ten second and one second observations, respectively with 
\i zero
\i0  dead time, the 1 sigma errors are +/- 2.81 cps (~2.5%) and +/- 8.9 cps (~10.1%). The problem compounds for real observations in which the fractional dead time can range from 10% to 30%, producing 1 sigma errors over a ten second integration of ~3.8% to ~4.3%, respectively.\
The solution used by gPhoton is to \'97 as other missions have done \'97 use the linear relationship between global count rate and dead time (for reasonably low global count rates) to produce an empirical exposure time correction as a function of global count rate. GALEX has typical global count rates of 10,000 cps or more, making the 1 sigma error (due to counting statistics) truly negligible even for short integrations. The mission team did produce such an empirical dead time formula early on, but it suffered from a few problems that requried that we revisit the problem and produce our own analysis. For one, while the result was recorded, the actual methodology was not, making it impossible to reproduce. Also, because it was early in the mission, extremely high count rate fields (in the non-linear response regime) of the detector had not been observed and were therefore not included in the analysis. Finally, the original analysis produced only a single model that \'97 because their behavior was deemed so similar \'97 simultaneously covered both detectors.\
We plotted global detector count rates against stim count rates. In the denominator, we used exposure times that had been corrected by shutter but not dead time. For analysis, we assumed the foreground \'93signal\'94 to follow a linear model with two parameters (slope and intercept) and Gaussian counting errors in both x and y. For a background, we also used a linear model with unknown parameters. The mixture model was sampled by MCMC against the data for ~1,000 observations in each band to produce maximum likely model parameters for stim count rate as a function of global count rate in both bands, which could then be converted to a fractional dead time by comparing the stim count rate against the reference rate. Rather than simply trusting that the quoted stim reference rate of 79 cps was true for both bands, we used the maximum likely y-intercept (at global count rate of zero) as the reference rate. This produced different models that differened in each band by about 3%, which is significant for GALEX.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\fs26 \cf0 Prior GALEX documentation has suggested that users of the photon-level data assume that the observation-level exposure time is distributed evenly across the whole observaiton [CITE]. This assumption, though, is not true, and sometimes quite significantly so. Not only can shutter be distributed non-linearly over an observation, but the global count rate can change quite substantially even over an observation of a single target because the detector is constantly moving on the sky (causing small changes in the global count rate due to the field brightness) at the same time as the spacecraft is travelling through the shadow of the Earth, creating global brightness shifts due to airglow. If one plots global count rates as a function of time for a typical ~1600 MIS observation, there will be a characteristic \'93smile\'94 shape; this shape is inverted (a \'93frown\'94) in a plot of effective exposure as a function of time (because higher global count rates crate more detector deadtime, resulting in less effective exposure time). Researchers interested in the variability of targets within single observations should recompute the exposure time for every sub-integration (\'93bin\'94) in order to account for this bias, and gAperture does so.}