{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 (1) The first method is a simple annulus estimation method where the total surface flux within an annulus surrounding the extraction aperture as scaled to the area of the aperture and subtracted. This method can be bias by the presence of relatively bright sources either within or near the annulus, although the bias can sometimes be mitigated by careful selection of annulus parameters (and assuming that the field is not crowded). The direct annulus method has the benefit of correcting for changing local background over an observation due to zodiacal light or airglow. It produces good agreement with MCAT values 
\i on average
\i0  for integrations of AIS depth or longer, but at larger dispersion (particularly in the direction of higher magnitudes where stars in or near the annulus have caused an erroneously high background estimate).\
(2) The second method is estimate the local sky background based upon backgrounds of nearby sources as reported in the official GALEX source catalog (MCAT). In this method, the 
\i coadd
\i0  MCAT is searched for sources within a small region of the target position. The arithmetical mean of reported flux of all returned MCAT entries is then used as the estimated background at the target location. This method results in gAperture fluxes that are in good agreement with the MCAT on average and with good dispersion, but does not correct for either inter- or intra-visit variations in the sky background.\
We suggest that the first method be used for studies of intravisit variability. The second method may be useful for researchers wishing to compare gPhoton results to previous work that used data from the GALEX catalogs. Note that the first method could also produce false variability if the source(s) in the aperture are not changing, but one or more sources in or near the annulus 
\i are
\i0 ; when this is a possibility, we suggest that researchers check the MAST catalogs as well as a gMap produced image of the targeted region for nearby sources, and run an independent photometric analysis for those.\
We also tested two variations of the annulus method that might mitigate the presence of stars in or near the background annulus, both of which were abandoned for not producing poor agreement with catalog fluxes as well as being highly sensitive to somewhat arbitrary input parameters. The first method \'97 which we called \'93swiss cheese\'94 \'97 mimicked that applied by Morissey in the analysis of the GALEX standard star LDS749B [CITE]: nearby bright stars (as reported in the MCAT) were masked (out to several sigma, assuming Gaussian profiles), with those data and sky regions excluded from subsequent calculation. The second method was a direct port of the \'93sigma clipping\'94 algorithm used by the mission pipeline [and described in Ted\'92s white paper [CITE]], which iteratively excluded and interpolated over relatively bright regions, using full Poissonian statistics to account for low diffus UV background.}